🤖 New Script – AI Automated Content Audit (#1983)
tinacms/tina.io: scripts/content-auditor/README.md

# Content Auditor

## Description

> The Tina documentation is exhaustive and contains mentions of planned future features.
> To check these at once we've created this script that uses every document or blog file as content to be run against a LLM prompt.

Reviewer: Make this more generic

```suggestion
The Tina documentation is exhaustive. To make maintenance and spotting issues easy, we've created this script that runs a LLM prompt against every .mdx file it can find.
```
